well as we just heard Al jazer
correspondent mman as sharafi has lost
several members of his family in Israeli
air strikes on gaza's jabalia refugee
camp as sharafi lost his mother and
father along with his siblings nieces
and nephews when jabalia was carpet
bombed by the Israeli Army Wellman's
cousin was at the scene of the
attack
[Music]
alhamdulillah
well the AL jaer correspondent M sharfi
was in khun when the strike happened
this is what he had to say about losing
his
family my father was killed he was 87
years old he lived through the nbar in
1948 where he was forcibly expelled out
of his village to the northwest of the
Gaza Strip he was 12 years old then
those bitterly pain ful events remain
carved in his memory until the day he
was killed he used to recount to me the
most detailed specifics he never forgot
the names of his neighbors or those who
marched with him in their forcible
Exodus from his village to jabalia
refugee camp to the north of Gaza he's
been carrying those bitter moments with
him that is why he refused to relive the
same vicious events he always feared
being expelled south or out of the strip
he held his ground to the last moment
and preferred to die holding on to his
roots especially since he was a history
teacher who taught thousands of students
throughout his career so did my mother
who served in the education field for 35
years they always rejected the idea of
forcible expulsion by the Israeli
occupation forces that took the land
they refused to succumb to pressures
they moved from home to home refusing to
leave the north that was their Destiny
and all I can say is that God is our
Rock he is the disposer of all Affairs
God is our refuge and from him only we
gain
strength